c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\ELBeoShop.web.dll.config
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\ELBeoShop.web.dll
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\ELBeoShop.web.pdb
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\obj\Debug\ELBeoShop.web.dll
c:\users\mrbuggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\obj\Debug\ELBeoShop.web.pdb
C:\Users\MrBuggy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\obj\Debug\ELBeoShop.web.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\MrBuggy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\obj\Debug\ELBeoShop.web.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\MrBuggy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\obj\Debug\ELBeoShop.web.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\ELBeoShop.web.dll.config
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\ELBeoShop.web.dll
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\ELBeoShop.web.pdb
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\obj\Debug\ELBeoShop.web.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\obj\Debug\ELBeoShop.web.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\obj\Debug\ELBeoShop.web.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\obj\Debug\ELBeoShop.web.dll
D:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\obj\Debug\ELBeoShop.web.pdb
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\ELBeoShop.web.dll.config
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\ELBeoShop.web.dll
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\ELBeoShop.web.pdb
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\obj\Debug\ELBeoShop.web.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\obj\Debug\ELBeoShop.web.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\obj\Debug\ELBeoShop.web.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\obj\Debug\ELBeoShop.web.dll
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\obj\Debug\ELBeoShop.web.pdb
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
C:\webbanhang\ELBeoShop.web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
